README.md, before:

# {Application Name}

#### {Brief description of applicaton}, {Date of current version}

#### By _**{List of contributors}**_

## 🚩 Description

{Detailed description, its purpose and usage. What does it does and other information.}

## 🔧 Setup/Installation Requirements

### View Online

_To view my live website, {Name of Page}, visit_[https://kaila-spraguemcrae.github.io/FINISH-URL](https://kaila-spraguemcrae.github.io/FINISH-URL)

### Open Locally

Go to my GitHub repository here, [https://guthub.com/kaila.spraguemcrae/FINISH-URL](https://guthub.com/kaila.spraguemcrae/FINISH-URL), and click on the green 'Code' button to clone the repository, Open with GitHub Desktop OR Download the ZIP file

##### To clone:
1. Push the green 'Clone' button and copy the URL.
2. Open Terminal or GitBash and input the command: `git clone https://github.com/kaila-spraguemcrae/FINISH-URL`
3. To view the code, open the copied directory with Visual Studio Code or your preferred text editor by inputing the command `code .` in your terminal.
4. To view the website, open index.html in Chrome or your preferred browser.

Run `npm install` in terminal to gain access to webpack

## 🐛 Known Bugs

## 📫 Support and contact details

If you run into any problems or have any questions please contact me via [email](mailto:kaila.sprague@icloud.com).

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

This project uses the following technologies:

- HTML
- JavaScript
- JQuery
- CSS
- Bootstrap
- GitHub

## 📘 License

MIT License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Copyright (c) 2020 Kaila Sprague McRae

Commit message:

call API and display worrd inline
Co-authored-by: Glen Buck <glenbuck503@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Dino Ipsum Hangman

#### This will allow users to play hangman, 11.17.2020

#### By _**Kaila Sprague McRae**_@_**Glen Buck**_

## 🚩 Description

This project uses Dino Ipsum API, and allows user to play hangman with generated dino names. 

## 🔧 Setup/Installation Requirements

### Open Locally

Go to my GitHub repository here, [https://guthub.com/kaila.spraguemcrae/dino-hangman](https://guthub.com/kaila.spraguemcrae/dino-hangman), and click on the green 'Code' button to clone the repository, Open with GitHub Desktop OR Download the ZIP file

##### To clone:
1. Push the green 'Clone' button and copy the URL.
2. Open Terminal or GitBash and input the command: `git clone https://github.com/kaila-spraguemcrae/dino-hangman`
3. To view the code, open the copied directory with Visual Studio Code or your preferred text editor by inputing the command `code .` in your terminal.
4. To view the website, open index.html in Chrome or your preferred browser.

Run `npm install` in terminal to gain access to webpack

## 🐛 Known Bugs

## 📫 Support and contact details

If you run into any problems or have any questions please contact use via email:
 [Kaila's email](mailto:kaila.sprague@icloud.com) & [Glen's email](mailto:glenbuck503@gmail.com)

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

This project uses the following technologies:

- HTML
- JavaScript
- Dino Ipsum API
- JQuery
- CSS
- Bootstrap
- GitHub
- npm (node.js)

## 📘 License

MIT License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Copyright (c) 2020 Kaila Sprague McRae & Glen Buck
